SHOCK_STAND_OFF Description:

   For an entire CFD grid & function file containing just the function used
   to detect shock location (probably Temperature), compute shock stand-off
   distance at every inner surface point.  A single function is stipulated
   because the normals off the surface may cross block boundaries, meaning
   all the volume data must be stored.  This precludes use of the volume
   data processed by the boundary layer edge detection utility, results
   from which the stand-off distances are to be merged with in a subsequent
   step that requires the stand-off results to be saved in Tecplot surface
   file form.

   This version handles 2-D cases as well.  It is most expedient to turn a
   single plane of data into two parallel planes then apply the existing
   3-D technique.

Initial assumptions (probably generalizable, but they may not need to be):

   o  The structured volume grid contains one layer of blocks, with k = 1
      at the wall.  This simplifies determination of the inner and outer
      boundary patches.  (To overcome these restrictions, one could use the
      boundary condition data employed by the relevant flow solver.)

   o  For the 2-D case, assume j = 1 at the wall initially.  The program
      converts 2-D inputs to 3-D form with k = 1 at the wall.

Strategy:

   o  Read the entire volume data and extract the inner & outer boundaries
      as multiblock surface grids.

      o  In order to handle 2-D cases transparently, we need to parse the
         grid file header, so 2-D files must be formatted.

      o  For a 2-D case, the 3rd coordinates are assumed to be missing,
         even though this is incompatible with the I/O package used here.

      o  For a 2-D case, replicate the given plane of data with a parallel
         plane close apart in the third dimension, then proceed as for 3-D.

   o  Build a search tree from the outer boundary.

   o  For each inner surface point:

      > Construct a two-point line normal to the wall with length that of
        a local radial line.  This should be at least as long as the
        straight line distance to the outer boundary.

      > Intersect the line with the outer boundary; store the new end pt.

   o  Release the outer surface search tree; build one for the volume grid.

   o  For each 2-point normal, if the surface x exceeds a specified limit,
      set the stand-off distance to zero (assumed to be on the aft body),
      else impose a uniform distribution (as opposed to one derived from a
      nearby radial grid line) and for k = nk, 1, -1 interpolate the flow
      quantity until a spike is apparent, making further relatively costly
      interpolations redundant.  The spike defines the stand-off distance.

   o  Save results in Tecplot form for merging with BLAYER results via the
      MERGE_FILES utility.

History:

   04/20/07  D.A.S.  Initial adaptation of LINES_OF_SIGHT and the other
                     single-function tools originally strung together
                     to provide data for QRAD.  They are better suited
                     to a thinned set of results.
   05/08/07    "     Another XYZ convention forced a new control input.
   08/28/09    "     Option to handle 2-D cases added transparently.
   08/08/13    "     All ADT variants have been merged into a module
                     with generic build_adt and search_adt interfaces.

Author:  David Saunders, ELORET Corporation/NASA Ames Research Center, CA
                         (now with ERC, Inc. at NASA ARC)
