Program QPLOT and all of the subroutines it uses (other than those of the
underlying graphics package) have been assembled with a sample input dataset
and a "qplot.config" file which should be adapted and placed in a certain
directory - see the PLOTDEV subroutine.

QPLOT uses the CA-DISSPLA graphics library for its graphics.  All of the
graphics are confined to the QUICK subroutine, apart from the main program's
calls to PLOTDEV for selecting and initializing a preview device and metafile.

The bulk of the modules are from general-purpose libraries.  The application-
specific modules are just QPLOT, QUICK, MYSTYL, RANGER, RESCALE, and WRAPPER.
A "dummies" modules was needed on the originating IRIS system to deal with two
external references known to the original VAX implementation without changing
the PLOTDEV utility common to both systems.

Much of QPLOT is devoted to the elaborate interpretation and preprocessing
of the input data that makes for an "easy-to-use" application.  Being in
standard FORTRAN 77 (with minor extensions, notably ! comments, NAMELIST,
and up-to-8-character names), most of it is portable.  But QUICK is also
nontrivial, using many of the features of DISSPLA, and achieving a precise
match with another graphics package may be difficult if not impossible.

Note that QPLOT is not interactive.  Probably it would be if it had not
been started long ago (1982).  However, it still serves very well for
producing report-quality plots of numerical/engineering-type data from
applications which save QPLOTable results rather than include their own
graphics.  The previewing capability (e.g. Tektronix screen) can be valuable
prior to metafile generation (e.g. PostScript).  [No effort has been made
to preview on an X device, although DISSPLA evidently supports such capability
now.]  [Later:  Tektronix is barely supported now, so generating PostScript
directly (using the -ps switch on the command line) has to suffice.]

Perhaps the worst limitation of the present DISSPLA implementation is that
its "instruction alphabet" (formatting commands for superscripts, Greek
letters, etc., embedded in text strings) causes the entire string to be
produced with software characters, spoiling the report quality of PostScript
output.

The "examples.dat" file produces some of the illustrations in the QPLOT
booklet.  A more elaborate example is included as well - it should be
challenging to reproduce with its secondary Y axis used effectively.
(This one arose from design studies for an Oblique All Wing supersonic
transport.  Various ways of tapering the wing chord and thickness were
examined in detail, and the tapering program produced the files included
here, without any editing required.)

For QPLOT questions, please call David Saunders at (650) 604-1480 or send
e-mail to David.A.Saunders@nasa.gov at NASA Ames Research Center.
