FLOW_INTERP Description:

   This program interpolates a flow field solution from one multiblock
   structured grid to another.  The solution may be either cell-centered
   or vertex-centered.  The same underlying geometry is assumed to be
   represented by both grids, but the outer boundaries and/or block counts
   and point distributions may differ.

Intended application:

   >  Ideally, all target grid cells will be contained by the grid
      associated with the given flow solution.
   >  For target cells outside the solution grid, the nearest solution
      cell is used.  Thus, extrapolation is explicitly avoided.
   >  The standard approach has long been to use the ADT (Alternating
      Digital Tree) bounding-box-based technique to ensure efficiency no
      matter how many of the target points are outside the solution grid.
   >  Alternatively, KDTREE searches may be specified: these determine
      just the nearest grid point (probably a cell centroid) much more
      efficiently than determining the best point within or on a cell and
      interpolation coefficients to go with it.  The search tree requires
      less memory as well, which may make this the only option on very
      large grids to be searched.
   >  Most recently, a hybrid option may be specified: KDTREE searches
      (not on the input grid vertices, but on the associated cell
      centroids generated here) followed by refinement with one call per
      search to find the nearest point to the target point that is not
      outside the indicated closest-centroid cell.  This is an attempt to
      combine the best features of the KDTREE and ADT methods.
      Unfortunately, on typical hypersonic grids, the centroid closest to a
      target point may not be that of the best cell that actually contains
      the point.  (This appears to be possible for high-aspect-ratio cells
      where the grid spacing in some direction is varying.)  This hybrid
      method may still be the best compromise for interpolating within very
      large grids.  Nearest-point (method 2) or refined-within-nearest-
      centroid-cell (method 3) flow values may be adequate for starting new
      flow solutions, but the best-possible interpolated values of the
      standard ADT method are recommended for, say, line-of-sight interp-
      olations intended for radiation calculations.
   >  The refinements of the hybrid method 3 cost 2.5 - 3 times the cost of
      the plain KDTREE method 2 results, while the ADT method 1 may be as
      much as 100 times slower than plain KDTREE on large grids, and it
      requires more memory.
   >  Note that application to different geometries (even slightly
      perturbed ones) is NOT appropriate:  boundary layer point
      distributions are all-important, and the real-space interpolations
      performed here will not preserve the boundary layer flow variables
      (or gradients, especially) anywhere the two surface grids differ
      more than infinitesimally.
   >  Further, if the new grid points resolve surface curvature better
      than the grid being searched, not even the ADT method can guarantee
      properly varying boundary layer interpolations.  Only for local
      problems (where the in-flow at interpolated boundaries has to become
      a fixed boundary condition) should this be an issue, though;
      otherwise, the flow solver should clean up the interpolated starting
      guess.
   >  For interpolating just surface solutions, see RADIAL_INTERP or
      SURFACE_INTERP.  (RADIAL_INTERP does correct for added resolution at
      the wall, but it assumes only one layer of grid blocks as is common
      for atmospheric entry vehicles, while FLOW_INTERP makes no such
      assumption.)
   >  This version tabulates results for the special case of single-radial-
      line target block(s), as needed for comparisons with wind tunnel
      boundary layer measurements or lines of sight for radiation calc-
      ulations.  Target ni = nj = 1 invokes this option.

Assumptions:

   >  All files are PLOT3D-type, multiblock, 3-D (not 2-D), formatted or
      unformatted.
   >  If the flow solution block dimensions match the grid block dimens.,
      the solution is assumed to be vertex-centered.  If they differ by 1,
      the solution must be cell-centered.  Any other finding means the
      files are inconsistent.

Clarification for DPLR Users:

      DPLR-related usage normally involves cell-centered solutions with
      "halo" cells included.  The associated grids should also be cell-
      centered with halo cells, in which case there is no apparent
      difference from vertex-centered data as far as FLOW_INTERP is
      concerned.

Algorithm:

   >  If the option to attempt suppression of input flow blocks that won't
      ever be needed is invoked, do the following pre processing.
      (Otherwise, simply read the entire input flow solution.)

      >  Read one block of the input flow grid at at time and determine
         the data ranges.  Rewind the file.

      >  Do likewise for the target grid block(s), and determine their
         overall data range.  Rewind the file.

      >  Determine which flow blocks to include in the search tree using a
         small safety margin.  (The main worry is with target points that
         might be outside the input flow grid.  The searching then produces
         the point with the shortest orthogonal projected distance to an
         outer boundary cell face.  We cannot be certain that a block
         suppressed via data range information doesn't actually contain
         the best choice of cell for an "orphan" point.)

      >  Set up a "grid_type" array suited to the blocks to be included,
         then read only those blocks.  The remaining steps are the same as
         for the no-suppression case.

   >  For each block in the target grid:

      >  Read the target grid block.

      >  If this is the first target block, perform some initialization:

         >  If the solution is cell-centered but the grid is not,
            interpolate it to the vertices of the solution grid (in-place).
            (See the above clarification about halo cells.)

         >  Build the solution grid search tree from all volume cells of
            all (unsuppressed) blocks.  (Method 1 uses bounding box
            techniques for the searching; method 2 builds its tree from
            the input solution grid points and works with just distances,
            while method 3 builds its tree from the centroids of the input
            solution grid cells.)

      >  For each point in the target block:

         >  Locate the nearest solution cell point by searching the ADT,
            or just the nearest grid point if KDTREE method 2 is specified,
            or the nearest cell centroid if KDTREE method 3 is specified.
            For method 3, refine the search by calculating the nearest
            point of the closest-centroid cell to the target point (but
            this cell may not be the best cell - working with cell
            centroids is not bullet-proof the way the ADT method is).

         >  Interpolate the flow solution to the current target point
            using the solution cell found and the interpolation coef-
            ficients produced by the search (unless method = 2, in which
            case the flow associated with the nearest data point is simply
            copied).

            Note that the interpolations are "trilinear" within a single
            cell, but this familiar formulation is not really linear
            because it contains nonlinear terms, but the effect is (tri)
            linear if the cell is perfectly rectangular.

      >  If the input flow was cell-centered, meaning dimension differ-
         ences of 1, convert the interpolated flow to be likewise.

      >  Output the interpolated solution for the current block.


Control file format ('flow_interp.inp')

   FLOW_INTERP controls for case xxx
   ------------- INPUT SOLUTION GRID -------------
   baseline.xyz            Solution grid file name
   T                       Formatted? [T|F]
   ------------- INPUT FLOW SOLUTION -------------
   baseline.f              Flow solution file name
   T                       Formatted? [T|F]
   ----------------- TARGET GRID -----------------
   densified.xyz           Input target grid file name
   T                       Formatted? [T|F]
   ---------- INTERPOLATED FLOW SOLUTION ---------
   densified.f             Output flow file name
   T                       Formatted? [T|F]
   ------------ MISCELLANEOUS CONTROLS -----------
   0.0001                  Dist. tol. for target inside the grid or not
   --------------- OPTIONAL CONTROLS -------------
   T                       Suppress solution blocks if possible? [T|F]
   3                       Method:  1 = plain ADT; 2 = plain KDTREE;
                           3 = KDTREE + nearest-centroid-cell refinement

History:

   03/24/04  DAS  Initial implementation, styled after GRID_MORPH_1, with
                  argument-driven INTERP_Q portion reusable.
   03/29/04   "   Introduced face_type structure to help identify exterior
                  faces of blocks.
   04/04/04   "   Made use of xyzq_io package.
   06/15/04   "   Replaced RIPPLE3D with a volume grid version of the
                  Alternating Digital Tree package from Stanford.
   02/01/05   "   Added special treatment of boundary layer profiles
                  defined as single radial line(s) in the target block(s).
   05/12/06   "   The profile tabulation format now handles any number of
                  functions, not 6 or fewer.
   08/07/08   "   Todd White suggested an option to suppress solution
                  blocks in the hope of speeding things up in some cases.
                  He also has parallelization in mind.
   08/08/08   "   A case involving 1.5 million target points and 2 x 8.7
                  million points from 2 x 47 blocks (full Shuttle) takes
                  9.5 minutes the standard way and 8 minutes if only the
                  relevant 21 blocks are searched.  This represents only
                  a modest 16% reduction on a demanding case, so the
                  standard approach has been quite efficient all along.
                  The printout at the end of each k plane has been
                  commented out now.
   08/22/08   "   The format flag for the target file was being passed as
                  that for the solution file.
   06/06/10   "   The 08/08/08 history comment above had typos.  No other
                  change was made.
   06/24/13   "   Option to use KDTREE searches for nearest points
                  (centroids) only.  This may be adequate for some purposes
                  such as starting some flow solutions, and uses less
                  memory.  It's about 2 orders of magnitude faster.
   07/26/13   "   Hybrid method refines each KDTREE result by computing
                  the best point (+ associated interpolation coefficients)
                  within the indicated cell.  This is 2.5 - 3 x slower
                  than plain KDTREE, but still much faster than plain ADT
                  on large grids.  Note that, for DPLR applications, the
                  input grid and flow are normally at cell centers, treated
                  as vertices here.  But the hybrid KDTREE + refinement
                  method requires the search to identify a best cell, not
                  vertex, so we actually generate and search the centroids
                  of the input grid cells.  This does take more memory, but
                  not as much as the ADT search tree requires (which is 18
                  reals + 8 integers per cell).
   07/30/13   "   Replaced nearest_hex_point (intended for unstructured
                  grids) with the analogous nearest_brick_point (suited to
                  structured grids).  Clarified the potential imprecision
                  of the hybrid method 3.  As explained above, the hybrid
                  method is not guaranteed to find the best cell for each
                  search - it merely finds the cell whose centroid is
                  closest to the target, but some other cell(s) may
                  actually contain the target.
   08/05/13   "   All ADT variants have been combined into a module now for
                  distribution reasons (generic build & search calls).

Author:

   David Saunders, ELORET Corporation/NASA Ames Research Center, CA
                   (now with ERC, Inc./NASA ARC).
