Program forebody_regrid:

Program HEAT_SHIELD produces a single-patch surface grid with spokes that are
uniformly distributed in the azimuthal direction and form a singular point at
the apex. This specialized application replaces the apex region with a quasi-
rectangular patch (or two) to avoid a singular axis in the associated volume
grid.  It reads the left half of the forebody as written by HEAT_SHIELD, but
results are written in the more usual form as the starboard (right) half with
Y positive and Z up.

Input Coordinate System (Right-Handed):

   X points downstream for zero angle of attack
   Y points up
   Z points to the right looking from upstream

Output Coordinate System (Right-Handed):

   X points downstream for zero angle of attack
   Y points to the left looking from upstream
   Z is up

This version has been extended for the specialized case of an umbrella-type
configuration, where some deflection needs to be applied to the conical
portion of the (assumed sphere-cone) geometry between the "spokes" to model
flexible thermal protection material.  This is done before regridding the
nose, and should be independent since the nose quadrant patches are expected
to be forward of the sphere-cone juncture.  The vertical centerline is
placed between umbrella spokes so that the symmetry plane shows the region
of maximum deflection.  The edges of the now-polygonal shoulder are morphed
to be straight lines in the azimuthal direction for any (semi)patch between
spokes, before the deflections are applied.  Because of the assumed symmetry,
the strategy is to regrid one deflected semipatch and transcribe it to all
the other locations.  The deflections are constructed from catenary curves.

Original Nose-Regridding Strategy:

>  Retain the existing outer portion of the grid, split into subpatches as
   needed.
>  Some radial index defines the roughly circular perimeter of the new
   patches in the nose region (not necessarily at constant X).  17 or 33
   are the usual choices depending on grid dimensions.  These are heuristic
   but are good choices for 101 or 201 points along the input grid spokes
   and 65 or 121 spokes.  N.B.: the number of spokes minus 1 must be a
   multiple of 4 for the 2-quadrant nose patch option.
>  An elliptically smoothed planar, normalized patch (quarter or half circle)
   underlies the new patch(es) as a template.  (Thanks, Jim Brown.)
>  Its number of perimeter cells in the template is redistributed if
   necessary to match the given surface grid.
>  This form is morphed to the desired perimeter (WARPQ3D, a TFI-like scheme
   that employs the interior relative spacings).
>  The interior points are projected onto the original surface grid (ADT
   scheme).

   The implied form of surface interpolation has the potential to introduce
   faceting, but that should be negligible for reasonable resolution in the
   input surface grid.  Gridgen or equivalent appears the only alternative.
   Densifying the input surface grid by a factor of 16 beforehand helps.

Control:

   Answer the prompts.

History:

   01/09/2008  D.A.Saunders   Initial design.
   01/10/2008-   "    "       Initial implementation (quarter circle case).
   01/14/2008
   12/17/2010  DAS, ERC, Inc. Fudged the two poor corner points of the
                              circular quadrants (only), after pondering
                              squarer nose patches that aren't really
                              doable (well) algebraically.
   10/11/2011 -  "    "       Added the options to impose umbrella-type
   10/14/2011                 shoulder edge faceting & catenary deflections.
   10/18/2011    "    "       Added the option to round off the sharp ridges.
   10/20/2011    "    "       Noticed method ='b' should be 'B' (loose fits).
                              Added the option to resolve the rib ridges by
                              restretching outboard of where the spacing is
                              more than (half) the specified rib thickness.
   11/03/2011    "    "       Actually, 'b' was as intended for ADJUSTN: it
                              gives 'B' (loose fits) and uniform spacing.
   03/18/2012    "    "       A capsule+sting grid, initiated with the full-
                              body CAPSULE_GRID option then truncated, needed
                              the revolved surface grid to look like a spoked
                              surface from HEAT_SHIELD.  Therefore, if the
                              input surface is not named 'heat_shield.xyz',
                              swap y and z and reverse the j indices to make
                              it match the original HEAT_SHIELD conventions.
   02/26/2014    "    "       All ADT variants have been merged into a module
                              with generic build & search calls.
                              Having to rename a file as heat_shield.xyz to
                              avoid changing its x/y/z convention is clunky.
                              Therefore, prompt the user.
   04/18/2014    "    "       Application to extreme ellipsoid shapes by
                              John Theisinger prompted transcribing the
                              CAPSULE_GRID changes that do not assume the
                              template nose quadrant has uniform spacing,
                              even though experience has shown that DPLR
                              gives cleaner nose heat flux contours when
                              the nose patching spacing is uniform.
Author:

   David Saunders, ELORET Corporation/NASA Ames Research Center, CA
              now: ERC Inc./NASA ARC
